Latest start Our C. 



First of all I will tell you that C is a high level language,
which developed by Dennis Ritchie, in 1972, in AT and T's bell laboratory California 
Now I will tell you about levels of language----->> 
We generally have two level of language-->
                                        LOW LAVEL            and       HIGH LAVEL 
A low level language->
                       To code in a low level language we have a good knowledge of hardwares 
                       because it is a Machine dependendent language.
                       without a knowledge of hardware we coud't use a low level language.
High level language->
                      High level language is that language which does not depend on any hardware.
                      or we can say that a user does not need any knowledge of hardware.
                      because a high level language is developed that any user can use that without any knowledge of hardware.
                      I hope you understand what would I want to say by using these words 
That's the different thing that a low level language is easily understood by computer.
Or we can say the machine but a high level language is easily understand by us 
that is why all the language which are consider in programming are in high level. 
Now I will tell you something about some word which are already fixed for some purpose are known as keyword we have 32 keywords in C. 
Auto      double    int         struct      break      elss 
Long      switch    case        enuam       register   typedef 
Char      extern    return      union       const      float 
Short     unsigned  continue    four        signed     void 
Default   goto      Sizeof      Volatile    do         If
Static    while
Now I will tell you a lot talking about the characters of c 
Alphabets   A,B,C ......Z   or a, b, c........z 
Digits      .....-9,-8,-7,-6,-5,-4,-3,-2-1,0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 8, 9,...... 
Symbols   !  @  #  % ^  &  * ()  _  +  -  =  ;  :  '   "  ....... 
NOTE:-> 
we can we can use any kind of symbol in C language except with Dollar sign ($) this sign is not Allow in C language.
Now I will tell you where we can write C program--> 
I advise you to use code block either in Windows and Linux turbo C also used as compiler in which we can write our c program.
But if you are using Linux then builder in the best choice or we can say a best platform to write your program. 
In Linux we use  a command gcc name of programc.c   and a command  ./a.out to run our program. 
